-Why, you!
Clone tackle!
I will not die!
Too slow!
Huh?
An eye.
-Naruto!
[music playing]
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER): Is
everything just ruled by fate?
-This is the hour,
the night, for which
our dark medical
ninjutsu was crafted.
We shall awaken Moryo
from his slumber
and return this world to order.
Time for your prescription!
Chakra infusion.
Prescription complete.
-Intruders!
-You wanna fight, huh?
-Gitai, Setsuna.
-Fire style ninja art Fire Rush!
-It's only fire.
Just stand your ground.
-Wind style ninja
art Divine Wind!
[screaming]
[music playing]
-So, our time has come.
Wait for me here.
The boundaries of the
underworld lie just up ahead.
Only I, who bear the name of
Yomi, may proceed further.
Over there.
You've been waiting here
all this time, Moryo.
Jutsu ceremony commence.
[speaking japanese]
MORYO: Ah, how nostalgic.
So I've returned to
this world, have I?
-After a very long
while, Lord Moryo.
MORYO: And you are?
-Have you forgotten?
It is I, Yomi.
MORYO: Yomi.
-I'm a survivor from
a clan of shinobi
that used your dark power
to create the Ghost Army.
MORYO: Why have you summoned me?
-The stars are aligning.
It is time for us to join
forces again and at last create
the thousand-year kingdom.
MORYO: But where is
my physical self?
With only my spirit intact,
I will scatter to the winds.
YOMI: Please, use my
body as your vessel.
With my dark medical ninjutsu,
I'll take hold of your soul
and transfer it to the
confines of my body.
Commencing surgery.
Now come, enter my body!
MORYO: Very well.
-Ceremony complete.
Arise, my army!
[music playing]
On your feet!
Let us embark for
the shrine where
our master's body is sealed.
MORYO: No.
First there is an
enemy you must destroy.
Seek out the priestess
of the Land of Ogres.
She alone has the
power to undo me.
-Understood, my lord.
MORYO: Good.
Once I have been
fully resurrected,
I shall annihilate
the five great nations
and establish a single kingdom
to rule over all the world.
-Hey, what is that?
Oh, no.
It's an attack!
[music playing]
-Hurry!
Take your positions!
-Ready.
Now!
No effect!
-Stand your ground.
Don't let them pass.
-We must alert our leader
of this threat right away.
TSUNADE: We received a
message late last night.
Someone has revived
Moryo and freed him
from the underground palace
he was sealed away in.
His Ghost Army is on the march.
We'll be working in
conjunction with other nations
to put an end to this crisis.
-Be careful now, OK?
Seeya.
[screaming]
-Oh, dear.
How did you end up there?
Don't move.
-Man, I don't care what
they throw at me here.
I'm ready to go.
-Naruto, what are you doing?
Team Seven's been called up.
Let's go.
-OK!
Here I come, world.
Look out!
Huh?
What the heck is going on here?
Why?
What are Neji and
Bushy Brows doing here?
Where the heck is
Kakashi sensei, huh?
TSUNADE: Lee's
filling in for Sasuke.
-Glad to be here.
-Sasuke.
-Lady Tsunade, you
shouldn't mention Sasuke.
-Are they still not over it yet?
-All right.
So why's Neji here?
TSUNADE: He's
Kakashi's stand-in.
-Huh?
-He and Guy have already
met up with our allies.
They're headed for the
battle front right now.
So Neji will serve as
Squad Seven's captain.
-Why him, though?
-Neji is a jonin.
And last time I checked, you
were still a genin, Naruto.
So suck it up.
-Look, just accept it.
-Fine.
But I'm still gonna
go out there and pound
these jerks into dust for you.
-I will not be sending
your team to the front.
This is an escort
mission for a VIP.
-What, are you kidding me?
-Quit your complaining and
the woman talk, you idiot!
-Uh, sure.
-The enemy's been
moving for several days
now and leaving a steady trail
of destruction in its wake.
We know that this
Ghost Army is based
in some sort of
puppet master jutsu.
-Meaning they're
just lifeless dolls
being manipulated
by somebody, right?
-Correct.
-Piece of cake.
We just take down the guy
who's controlling them, then.
-The one who's pulling
the strings isn't human.
Moryo is a very powerful demon.
NARUTO: Ah, don't tell me that.
What are you trying to do,
scare me half to death?
Huh?
TSUNADE: There
was once a shinobi
who tried to conquer
this entire continent.
He used Moryo's power to
raise an invulnerable army.
The demon's horde
descended on one country
after another, devastating
everything in its path
and bringing these lands to
the brink of destruction.
That army is the very same one
we find threatening us now.
Back then, a priestess
from the Land of Ogres
named Miroku used a
powerful ninjutsu.
She sealed away Moryo's
soul in the Land
of Ogres' underground
palace and his physical body
within a shrine in the Land
of Swamps, averting disaster.
Newly resurrected, the
demon has once again
taken command of his Ghost
Army and is making his way
to the sealing shrine.
If Moryo's body and soul
become one and his resurrection
is completed, the situation
will be irreparable.
-What'll happen?
-The world will be destroyed.
The priestess from
the Land of Ogres
must be taken to the temple
where the body is sealed
and seal Moryo's
soul away again.
The fate of the
world depends on it.
NEJI: Now listen, our
mission is to ensure
this woman's survival.
Sakura, you're to stay with
our charge at all times.
Understood?
-Got it.
-If anything should
happen to her,
we'll have need of
your medical expertise.
-Absolutely.
-Lee, your role is to
fend off the enemy.
-Roger that.
-We don't know what
we're up against yet,
so your taijutsu will be the
best defensive option since it
doesn't depend on chakra.
-Leave it to me then.
I will protect you
with sheer will.
-Then let's get going.
-Hey, wait a minute!
Isn't there anything
you want me to do?
-That's right, I almost forgot.
You'll be running
defense, the same as Lee.
-Got it.
If any bad guys show
up, I'll put them
through the school
of hard knocks
and send them straight to hell!
-You certainly might look
older, but you haven't really
changed all that much, have you?
-What?
-Funny.
I'd heard you'd gotten much
stronger under Master Jiraiya's
tutelage.
But clearly your
experience level
as it pertains to teamwork is
ridiculous-- still genin level.
Now look, we've been given
the role of bodyguards.
Don't anyone forget that.
We mustn't stray
from our charge.
-He is team captain, Naruto.
Right?
-So come on, let us
do the Hidden Leave
proud with our teamwork.
-Yeah, yeah.
-Drop the attitude!
-Ow, ow,ow!
-Do you think he's gonna
be all right out there?
-Neji's exceptional at
intelligence gathering
thanks to his Byakugan.
Plus, he's a jonin.
He has good judgment, and his
defensive skills are excellent.
He's perfect for
guarding our VIP.
-Well, it's not
Neji, Lee, or Sakura
I'm worried about, my lady.
-Naruto, huh?
-He failed defensive
jutsu during his training.
I know that he studied
with Master Jiraiya,
but still-- that was to improve
his individual abilities.
-There are some things you
can't learn from training.
Naruto never gives up.
His determination is formidable.
We need that now.
Failure isn't an option
for this mission.
That's for certain.
[music playing]
-Where are you, my men?
-Here before you, your lordship.
YOMI: Head for the Land of Ogres
and find this priestess who
knows the sealing jutsu.
Find her.
Kill her.
-As you command.
-Take these in case
there's trouble.
You're the only one capable
of controlling them.
Now go.
And hurry.
MALE VOICE: All right.
We need some shields
on those stairs.
MALE VOICE: We need
to protect that flank.
Let's go, people.
MALE VOICE: Sir.
MALE VOICE: Move that squad
to the top of the stairs.
MALE VOICE: Archers, regroup.
MALE VOICE: Sir, yes, sir.
TARUHO: Susuki.
Susuki.
Shift's over.
SUSUKI: I could keep going.
Would that be OK?
TARUHO: You haven't
slept in three days.
Go get some rest.
That's an order.
-All right.
I'll leave things here to you.
[music playing]
-Come on, brethren.
Let's get this show on the road.
KUSUNA: All in good time.
-That's the stuff!
-We've all got the chakra
strengths as promised.
-Now let's get down
there and get busy.
-Don't screw up.
-Right!
[bell ringing]
SHION (VOICEOVER): What?
What on Earth is this?
-Alert!
Alert!
TARUHO: Hurry!
Add more guards around
her sleeping chambers now!
Susike?
Susike, wait!
You mustn't go!
-I know what Lady Shion
has foretold, Taruho.
What of it?
Giving my life to
save hers is an honor!
We're entering, my lady!
Lady Shion, we have intruders!
We have to flee!
-So there you are!
-Lady Shion!
SUSUKI: Taruho, take
care of Lady Shion.
KUSUNA: Pretty little priestess,
your life is ours now.
NARUTO: Hold it right there!
-Huh?
-You're not getting
anywhere near her!
[music playing]
-What the hell?
-Why didn't he sneak up on us?
He just launched
in like a maniac.
Is he as strong as we are?
-Could be.
Or maybe he's just an idiot.
-Either way you look at it,
he definitely isn't normal.
I put my money on idiot, though.
-What'd you say?
Huh?
All right, this is as
far as you guys go.
-Are you kidding?
You don't think you're gonna
stop us all by yourself,
do you?
-Now that Naruto
Uzumaki is finally here,
you four rejects can kiss
your little plans goodbye!
Multi shadow clone jutsu!
[music playing]
-I've never seen so many
shadow clones before.
This kid's better
than we thought.
SHADOW CLONES: Well?
You scared yet?
KUSUNA: Gitai,
Setsuna, Shizuku-- bust
out an earth, fire,
and wind combo.
GITAI: With pleasure.
Earth style Earthen Corridor!
SHADOW CLONE: We're trapped
inside some kind of dirt wall.
We've gotta find a way out!
SHIZUKU: Look for the exit.
SHADOW CLONE: Found it.
-I'll leave them to you.
SHADOW CLONE: This way.
-Fire style Fire Run.
-Oh, lame.
That's the weakest fire
jutsu I've ever seen!
-Wind style Divine Down Current!
-You imbecile.
See what happens when
you don't follow orders?
The priestess is by a
waterfall behind the sanctuary
with one foe in pursuit.
I can handle that one on my own.
You two clean up here,
then catch up with me.
-Roger!
-Oh, there won't
even be any bones
left after an attack like that!
-Leaf Hurricane!
I
[music playing]
KUSUNA: You're with that
other one, aren't you?
-Come on!
-Hold it!
-Hey, bros, I'm gonna
need some more chakra.
-He's probably right.
We wasted too much
on that combo.
-All right, then.
See if you can find Kusuna.
-Gotcha.
OK, this way.
ROCK LEE: Eight
Trigram Air Palm.
[music playing]
GITAI: Brother!
We need more chakra.
-All right.
Scatter!
GITAI: Pesky little rats.
-Oh, man.
We can't replenish like this.
-And without more chakra,
we've no chance of winning.
-All right.
We better retreat.
[bell ringing]
NEJI: No need to fear.
I'm from the Hidden Leaf.
TARUHO: The Leaf Village?
SHION: That's--
-What is it?
What's the matter, Lady Shion?
-It's happening?
-Hmm?
-He's trying to resurrect
himself once again.
-Behold, Shion, the priestess
of the Land of Ogres.
-I am Neji Hyuga, my lady,
captain of the Leaf's Team
Seven.
-I am Rock Lee.
-Hi, Sakura Haruno.
-Naruto Uzumaki.
How's it hanging?
NEJI: We've come to escort Lady
Shion to the sealing shrine.
NARUTO: What was that for?
SAKURA: Shut up!
You're making us look bad!
TARUHO: A lot of lives
were lost in the assault--
NARUTO: What are
you talking about!
Ow!
TARUHO: --last night.
SAKURA: Just be
quiet for once, OK?
-And just as Lady
Shion foretold,
Susuki was among that number.
SHION: Naturally.
But as you can see,
I still breathe.
I'm sure they
shoulder no regret.
-Now you wait just a minute!
All those people died for you!
You should show
a little respect!
SAKURA: Naruto, quit it!
-You idiot!
Sit still, will you?
-What gives?
Why you looking at me like that?
Huh?
-You're going to die very soon.
-Huh?
What was that?
I'm sorry, I couldn't
quite hear you there.
You think you could repeat
that a little louder?
-You're going--
-What's that?
-You're going to--
-What are you saying?
-You're going to be
pierced through the chest
and killed soon!
-What?
How'd we get stuck
babysitting someone like this?
-I hope you'll forgive her.
Lady Shion often sees
visions of peoples' deaths.
-Visions?
-But please, you shouldn't
let it worry you.
-Nah, that's cool.
So she's always wrong then, huh?
TARUHO: No.
So far she's been 100% accurate.
-Well, there's a shocker.
That fortune telling
stuff's a bunch of-- wait!
That would mean she was right
every time, wouldn't it?
-Indeed.
-But you just said that I
shouldn't let it bother me!
-I only meant that worrying
wouldn't change anything.
-I am not sure I
follow you here.
-Oh, relax, Naruto.
Maybe this is a good thing.
With any luck, it'll cure
you of your stupidity.
-Sakura!
Please, people
don't have visions.
That's just a bunch of trash!
I'm gonna become Hokage!
No way I'm dying
before that, all right?
TSUNADE: Hidden Leaf
teams have attempted
to ambush the Ghost Army and
take it out in a single stroke.
-Hmm?
TSUNADE: But our efforts
have had no effect.
They continue to march
toward the sealing shrine.
As suspected, the only
one who can stop them
is the Land of Ogres' priestess
with her sealing jutsu.
TARUHO: Lady Shion is to be
escorted to the sealing shrine.
Only those willing
to offer their lives
should step forward.
Is that clear?
MALE SPEAKER: Yes.
We owe her.
Let's do it.
NEJI: Ridiculous.
ROCK LEE: How much more time
are we going to waste here?
-Taruho insists on taking
more of their forces with us.
We are to wait until
preparations are complete.
-But we need every minute
we can spare right now.
[pots rattling]
-So, what do you think, huh?
I don't care how
sharp your spear is.
Nobody's gonna run
through me now.
NEJI: Pitiful.
You don't honestly believe
the ramblings of a priestess,
do you?
-What?
Of course I don't.
I-- I just figured that you guys
must be all worried and stuff
after that nut job told
me I was gonna die.
I only put this on so that you
three would feel better, OK?
SAKURA: The world is on
the verge of destruction.
We don't have time
to worry about you.
-Naruto, this girl is precious.
It is a true honor to lay
down your life for someone.
-Sure.
Chance of a lifetime.
And that is why I'm gonna
flip this stupid prediction
on its head and save the
world with this right here.
SHION: You can't
change my prediction.
-Huh?
Oh, yeah?
-Here's another one
for you-- you're
going to meet your
end by beheading.
-I am?
Well, how about this?
-Can't escape death.
All right, shinobi.
I'm ready now.
Let's go.
NARUTO: Let's go.
Can't move.
Guys, come back.
Little help?
SAKURA: Honestly.
ROCK LEE: Naruto, are you OK?
NARUTO: Ugh, I thought
I was gonna die.
Hey, this is a dead end.
SHION: This waterfall is
where I purify myself.
It also hides an escape route.
NEJI: Are you sure you wish
to leave without Taruho?
SHION: I am the
priestess of this land.
If I want to leave my
attendants behind, I will.
Your back's uncomfortable.
You should try to keep
your body more feminine.
-Why, you!
-Who the heck is out there?
Huh?
Oh, hey, Taruho.
-What are you doing here?
-No matter where
you go, it is always
my duty to watch
over you, Lady Shion.
-You're nothing
but a burden to me.
Now go back to the village!
-I will not.
-Go back home!
SHION: Go!
I mean it!
TARUHO: I will not.
NEJI (VOICEOVER): No
sign of the enemy.
-We'll make camp here.
-What?
But I thought that we were
pressed for time here.
-If it were just
us, we could keep
going for several more days.
But--
-The other two have
reached their limit.
-I told you I'm fine!
-Lady Shion, the sealing
jutsu is very taxing.
Please, you need to make sure
you get enough rest tonight.
-I'm hungry.
Make me some food.
-Man, this girl is way too
picky for her own good.
SHION: This soup is cold, and
I can't eat these or that.
-Wow.
I sort of like both of those.
-Me too.
-My apologies, my lady.
-Lighting a bonfire would alert
the enemy to our location.
-I'm going to bed.
[bell ringing]
-Here.
Looks like we're going to be
running again all day tomorrow.
Your body will need the
food to keep you going.
-That's very kind of you.
-So, um, hey-- about
these predictions and all?
-She can only see
someone's death
if they're an attendant
or someone close.
-And you can't ever avoid it?
Even if you know
what's gonna happen?
-Right.
No matter what you do, death
cannot be cheated in the end.
Although every vision
that she's ever had
has centered on people who
were honored to die for her
and did so without question.
If they had defied
fate and tried to live,
I'm fairly positive Lady
Shion would have died herself.
But lately, many of
the people in our land
have begun to fear
her foresight,
going out of their
way to avoid her.
I can't say if her visions
will always come true.
Perhaps it all
depends on the people
who are revealed in them.
-I see.
She must be lonely.
I guess that's why she
acts so spoiled then.
-Her story is a sad one.
NARUTO: So what
about you, Taruho?
What if she said
you were gonna die?
TARUHO: My clan is deeply
indebted to Lady Shion's
mother.
If I could repay that kindness
by safeguarding her life,
then I would gladly
give up my own.
Nothing can change
one's destiny as long
as the heart remains true.
[music playing]
-All right, then.
Time for us to hit the
road again, Taruho.
You good to go?
Huh?
NARUTO (VOICEOVER):
She's only difficult
'cause she got dealt
such a bad hand in life.
Guess I should be nicer.
-Hey there.
Good morning.
-Taruho.
-Yes.
-I don't need you.
Go back home.
-You'll have to
forgive me, my lady,
but I cannot leave your side.
-You'll be nothing
but a burden, Taruho.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): She's
just a snotty little princess.
-Stop being such a
big brat, will you?
Come on, do you have
even the slightest idea
how hard he works
to protect you?
TARUHO: You've had a vision,
haven't you, Lady Shion?
It's all right.
You can be honest
with me, my lady.
-When my pulse races and I
hear the tone of the bell,
visions of the future
are revealed to me.
I heard it chime
again last night,
and your future became clear.
If you don't turn back now,
Taruho, you're going to die.
[music playing]
Watch out!
Will you stop?
I'm going to fall!
Put me down!
Let go, you fool!
I've had enough!
Are you crazy?
This path is too dangerous.
Are you trying to
protect me or kill me?
There has to be
another way we can go.
-Neji, shall we
change our route?
-No.
These springs here are
the only real source
of fresh water in this region,
and our enemies' group attacks
are fire style.
ROCK LEE: I see.
So when they come at
us with fire jutsu,
we'll be able to use the
water here to counter.
-Lady Shion, once we
make it through here,
the sealing shrine is
only a short ways away.
Please endure just
a little longer.
Unfortunately, our enemies
get to strike first,
so stay alert and no
individual initiatives.
Got it, Naruto?
-Hmm?
Yeah, sure I know that.
Wait, run that by me again.
Initia-- what now?
-Huh?
Is your friend
dumb or something?
SAKURA: Uh, yeah.
NEJI: What is that?
A water dragon?
-A big one.
-They're coming after
us with water, not fire.
You were dead wrong!
-Never mind that now.
Come on!
NEJI: Get to higher ground.
-You'll have a tough time
getting away from me.
[music playing]
NEJI: We don't know which will
way they'll be coming from.
Protect Lady Shion.
-Perfect.
Good thing we've got
all this water, huh?
I thought you were the smart
one in the bunch, Neji.
Might as well give up.
NEJI (VOICEOVER): Someone has
to be controlling that dragon.
Byakugan!
There-- two of
them on that ridge.
Wait a minute.
He was using fire
style chakra before.
It's certainly not
unusual for a jonin
to wield different elements.
But regardless, I didn't
detect any water-based chakra
coming from his
chakra points at all.
-They're over on
that ridge, right?
-Stay where you are, Naruto.
-What are you, crazy?
They're the ones controlling
the dragon, aren't they?
I'm going, OK?
-Naruto, wait!
-I can not allow Naruto
to fend for himself.
I will go, too.
-Lee!
Those two!
-Well, we'll just have to
leave it to them at this point.
-The bushy-brow guy
and that blockhead?
SETSUNA: Two of them
are headed this way.
-Well, that makes
things a little easier.
[music playing]
Here they come.
Yep, looks like it.
You take the taijutsu user.
The shadow clone kid
in orange is mine.
Sound like a plan?
-I could handle
both of them myself.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): There.
-Here it comes.
-You lousy!
SAKURA: The jutsu was broken.
Naruto and Lee did it!
[music playing]
-Naruto!
What is this?
-Hey, twerp.
I'll be your opponent today.
This will be interesting.
Let's see just how much
your fists can take.
-Lady Shion.
-What is it?
-I hate to do this, but I'll
need you to take a short nap.
She and I will get moving while
Naruto and Lee keep them busy.
But retreating now will
leave us vulnerable.
I'm counting on you.
-Got it.
SHIZUKI: Water style
Surface Slicer!
[music playing]
You really believe all
these rocks and trees
are gonna shield you from me?
I think you might be taking
this a little lightly!
-Oh!
I get it.
You Think you're safe up
there in the treetops, huh?
I like that.
Nice try, kid.
-Dang it!
Multi Shadow Clones!
-Water style Dragon Water Whip!
-Severe Leaf Hurricane!
GITAI: Earth style
Petrifying Jutsu!
[music playing]
-And now to end it!
GITAI: We're not on
the schoolyard here.
You better step things up a bit.
-What the--
-Is this your idea
of getting serious?
-Such density and power.
But I cannot afford to lose.
Strawberry lotus!
[music playing]
GITAI: This is boring.
So let me get this straight.
You don't know any ninjutsu?
I hope you don't think that
rinky-dink taijutsu of yours
can take me down.
-What are you saying, then?
Your body is
unaffected by taijutsu?
GITAI: I don't know
who your teacher is,
but he's gotta be one big loser!
-Say what you will about me.
But I will not allow you
to badmouth my sensei!
Forgive me, Guy
sensei, but for me
to stay true to my
ninja way, I will
have to use that technique.
Third Gate of Life, open.
Fourth Gate of Pain, open!
-What the--
-I am only getting started!
Fifth Gate of Closing, open!
-Now this is fun!
You got stronger all
of a sudden, huh?
But I'm not done yet.
I still have a few
tricks up my sleeve!
[music playing]
Overflowing.
Overflowing with power!
-What?
-That idiot.
He drank the chakra.
Hurry up!
-Right.
-Now that is what
I'm talking about!
-He transformed again!
-Eat this!
-Over there!
NEJI (VOICEOVER):
The other two who
showed up in the Land of Ogres.
-Neji!
-Go!
-OK.
-You will go no further!
[music playing]
NEJI (VOICEOVER):
He's controlling
those shuriken with wind
chakra from five directions.
-Eight Trigams Palm Rotation!
-Quite impressive.
But how long do you think
your chakra will last?
Keep it up!
-You're a jumpy little
fellow, aren't you?
Well here, let's see
how you deal with this.
I'll just destroy everything!
ROCK LEE (VOICEOVER):
I will have
to risk death and open the
next gate if I hope to prevail.
MIGHT GUY: Now Lee,
I only want you
to eat this in a real pinch, OK?
ROCK LEE: Is this a
new kind of medicine?
MIGHT GUY: It's a
whiskey bon-- uh, I mean,
it's a chocolate bomb!
ROCK LEE: Oh, sensei.
I am overjoyed that you
care so much about me.
I can not wait to get
myself into a pinch!
-Look, only use it in super,
ultra, ultimate pinches.
You got it, Lee?
ROCK LEE (VOICEOVER):
Guy sensei.
Huh?
What-- what is
inside this thing?
It's a medicine I have to take.
[hiccup]
-Hey, you just ate
something, didn't you?
What was--
[music playing]
ROCK LEE: Hidden Lotus!
[groans]
-Worthless idiot.
I really thought he was a
better fighter than that.
NEJI (VOICEOVER):
Used too much chakra.
But why aren't they
attacking as a team?
Don't tell me--
-Looks like you've
figured it out, huh?
You're not the only ones
who use clones, are you?
NEJI (VOICEOVER): Sakura.
SAKURA (VOICEOVER):
No one's tailing us.
That's Neji for you.
Looks like we're gonna make it.
-Anesthetic Jutsu!
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): I have
to neutralize the toxin
before it spreads.
Can't move.
SHIZUKU: You know, playing
dead isn't gonna work.
Water Attack Gorgon!
Well, look at you.
At any rate-- both clones?
Just kidding.
Do Ninja art Water Substitution.
You're wasting your time, kid.
I can turn my entire
body into water.
You don't have much of a chance
at beating me with those.
-Oh, yeah?
Well, what's your plan then?
You gonna keep running all day?
SHIZUKU: I guess I
might as well tell you.
My only job was to separate
you from that Byakugan user.
-Damn it!
SHIZUKU: There's
no point, you know.
It's too late.
-You're gonna pay
for this next time!
-There's not gonna
be a next time.
The whole world's
coming to an end!
-What?
[music playing]
KUSUNA: Dark medical jutsu.
Commence surgery.
ROCK LEE (SLURRED SPEECH):
Had a chocolate ball.
-Man, Bushy Brow, what
the hell did you drink?
-(SLURRED SPEECH) Nothing.
A chocolate made
me go home is all.
NARUTO: Hey guys!
Glad you're OK.
I was worried about you.
Bushy Brow took something
and he's acting all weird.
What?
What's with all the long faces?
Something the matter, guys?
Oh, hey, how's Shion doing?
[music playing]
No way.
It can't be.
-I did everything
that I could, Naruto.
But it was just no use.
-What the hell happened, Neji?
Where were you?
You were supposed
to protect her!
I don't get it.
You were the one
who kept telling us
all never to leave
Shion's side, right?
So how could this even have
happened if you were with her?
Say something, damn it!
SHION: Stop it.
NARUTO: Shion.
What-- wait, what's going on?
I mean, if you're Shion, then
who's that lying on the ground?
-It's Taruho.
He's dead.
-But what happened to him?
-When we parted
ways with him, he
said that he'd take a different
route to the shrine in case
he could be of help
when we arrived there.
SAKURA: But who
could have imagined
this was what he meant?
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): Taruho.
-I'm all done now, Sakura.
-Taruho, what's going on?
TARUHO: Shadow Mirror
Body Transfer Art,
a jutsu passed down
in the Land of Ogres,
a kind of transformation with
no means of returning back.
SAKURA: He was adamant
about taking her place.
Nothing I said would sway him.
-Why the hell didn't you force
him to go back home, Neji?
-For the sake of the mission.
Look, the fate of the world
is hanging in the balance.
We have to do
whatever is necessary.
[music playing]
-Don't worry, Taruho.
We'll make sure you
get a proper burial.
SHION: Taruho was a fool.
Death was his choice.
There's no need to
mourn the idiot.
-Is that so?
Well, maybe you've forgotten
who he gave his life for!
-Be quiet!
Just leave me alone!
-Wait up!
I said wait!
Taruho gave up
everything for your sake.
He threw his life
away, all for you!
And you-- you can't even
shed a tear for him, huh?
Are you seriously
that cold-hearted?
Don't you feel anything for him?
-How can I not be heartbroken
when someone so close to me
is gone?
-Huh?
You're--
-I can't allow myself to cry.
It would only desecrate
the memory of the many
who have given
their lives for me.
-But why?
-Foresight is the
power that ensures
the life of the priestess.
When she perceives her own
death, the soul leaves the body
and shows her past self
the image of their demise
as well as the people who are
near in that final moment.
The priestess then
reveals these visions
to her attendants,
who believe they
must take her place in
order to prevent her death.
That is how our foresight
works-- sacrificing others
so that I may live.
NARUTO: I'm not sure
I get it, really.
But these visions are a warning
that the priestess's life
is in danger?
-So many times I've
thought to myself,
I should just leave this
world and be done with it.
But I can't.
If I die, there will be no
one left to seal Moryo away
and the world will be lost.
No matter how much pain
or sadness I swallow,
more will die so
that I can live.
-But that's totally ridiculous.
How come the Land
of Ogres people are
the ones who have to sacrifice?
-That's just how it is for us.
No matter how unjust, we endure.
It's my people's fate and mine.
-And you-- you're OK with that?
Totally fine with it?
KUSUNA: We lost Gitai, but
the Land of Ogres priestess
has been eliminated,
rest assured, Lord.
YOMI: Wretched fool.
Moryo's soul still
senses her presence.
The priestess you three
disposed of was a mere impostor.
The girl with the sealing
powers still lives.
Go.
And this time, make
sure it's done.
KUSUNA, SETSUNA, AND
SHUZUKU: Yes, Lord.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER):
Don't worry, Taruho.
We'll protect Shion
for you, rest assured.
-Naruto-- Sakura, Lee, and
I will stay here and wait
for the enemy.
I want you to take
Lady Shion and keep
heading for the sealing shrine.
-But-- you sure?
-Neji, she saw Naruto's death.
Is it safe for him?
-Maybe one of us
should go instead.
-No.
That is precisely the
reason why he should go.
-All right, then.
You got it.
-Set your sights on the
goal and do not look back.
-The sealing shrine is close-by.
-Now hurry, Naruto.
-OK.
Let's go, Shion.
-Byakugan!
NEJI (VOICEOVER): What
Lee saw during his battle
must be the key.
-Yes, then he drank
something and his chakra
suddenly magnified.
-If they're using a jutsu
to replenish their chakra
externally, they might be
able to absorb different types
for short burst of time.
But forcing entirely foreign
chakra into one's body
comes at a great risk.
TSUNADE: The Ghost
Army just disappeared?
They were right on top of us.
SHIZUNE: Could they
have retreated somehow?
Maybe we're safe
from destruction.
-No, it's just the opposite.
-What?
-Our enemy is gambling
on a swift victory.
NEJI (VOICEOVER): Lee, Sakura,
hang on a while longer.
They'll have to replenish
their chakra at some point.
And when they do
-It's no use.
Any more and I'll
be out of chakra.
-Brother, more chakra!
-We need to replenish!
-I'll be right there.
Just hold on a second!
-Gentle Fist-- Eight
Trigrams 64 Palms!
Two palm!
Four palm!
Eight palm!
16 palm!
32 palm!
64 palm!
[music playing]
SHIZUKU: Brother!
-Why isn't the chakra
prescription working?
-I was able to strike all
of your chakra points,
arresting the flow
of your chakra.
-Brother!
-Shizuku!
-What?
NEJI (VOICEOVER): Naruto,
it's up to you now.
-Well, here we are, Lady Shion.
That's the entrance over there.
-Have you been
here before, then?
-Nah, I just had a
premonition, that's all.
Now come on, get in there
and seal this Moryo guy away
so you can carve out
your own destiny.
-You can't change your fate.
-Ah, don't kid yourself.
Let me show you how it's done.
What's happening?
SHION: The Terracotta soldiers.
-What's a terrycloth soldier?
-Terracotta.
These things are on
the march right now.
It means that Moryo is
already somewhere nearby.
What do we do?
-Charge straight through 'em!
Tuck your legs in
and hold on tight!
Maybe not.
SHION (VOICEOVER): Will I--
[bell ringing]
Will I be saved again?
But maybe if I die here,
Naruto and my people,
they won't have to
give their lives.
-Oh, man.
I had to back-flop, didn't I?
SHION: You shouldn't
have saved me.
If you'd just let me go,
you wouldn't have to die.
Well, at least not
until Moryo gets around
to destroying the world.
-Maybe.
[bells ringing]
But I tell you
what-- I'm not dying.
Count on it.
-It's useless.
-It's not useless!
-That just means I'll
be the one to go.
-I won't let you die, either!
-One of us will be dead!
It's just a question of who.
-Don't give me that!
The future isn't written yet.
We can still change it.
-For the hundredth time.
You can't--
-I'll protect you.
-How, though?
It's impossible.
-Trust me.
SHION (VOICEOVER): Why
can't I look at him?
-Trust you?
[music playing]
-I have a plan.
And it'll work this time, too.
-Naruto.
-Come on.
Let's go.
[music playing]
-Naruto.
NARUTO: Hmm?
-Do you swear?
NARUTO: Of course.
I swear on my ninja way.
I promise.
[music playing]
Sorry to keep you waiting, guys.
You miss me?
[shouts]
One more time!
Here we go!
[music playing]
-What's wrong?
Why didn't you just
blow them all away?
-Are you kidding?
Do you have any idea
how exhausting this is?
-Naruto.
-All right.
Go on and--
-What are you doing?
Go!
-Honestly, you should make the
real you more distinguishable!
NARUTO: What, are
you kidding me?
Do I look like I
have time for that?
Come on, guys.
Don't let a single one
of 'em get through!
SHION (VOICEOVER):
It wasn't him.
It wasn't him!
Not yet.
-This is where Naruto will die.
YOMI: You've grown.
You look like Miroku.
Come now, let us make the
young priestess feel welcome.
My name is Yomi.
Long ago, your
mother, Miroku, stood
in the path of my ambition.
I wonder, do you
remember that day ?
We had resurrected Moryo,
assuring his return.
And the Thousand Year
Kingdom was within our grasp.
If only your mother had
not been there to ruin it.
-Get back.
Stay away!
No!
YOMI: Such shock upon your face.
Is it possible you're unaware
of the power you possess?
This is certainly surprising.
As old as you are, have
you really learned nothing?
-Every day I've prepared
for this moment.
I've mastered--
-The sealing jutsu.
Have you now?
Then by all means, hurry
over here and seal me away--
if you can.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER):
I'll protect you!
SHION (VOICEOVER): You meant
it, didn't you, Naruto?
-Damn it.
There's no end to these things.
-There's something
you should now.
It's actually impossible
for me to kill you.
And by the same token,
you haven't the power
to eliminate me.
Because originally, you and I
were one and the same entity.
-I don't believe you.
You're just trying to
trick me with you lies!
-What reason do I have to lie?
-I'm going to do it now.
-The truth is, the seal's
sole purpose is to join you
and I as one.
Miroku, your dear
mother, accepted that.
Yes.
That's right.
Your mother exists within me.
To prevent ourself from
abusing such enormous power,
we split into two entities,
to hearts, two beliefs.
And thus we have
lived, forever at odds,
staring each other down.
Although somewhere down the
line one became the evil Moryo
and the other the
good priestess,
we cannot be bound by words
like light, dark, good, evil.
[speaking japanese]
A barrier.
Well--
[speaking japanese]
-Come on, push!
There's no way you're
getting through me.
That priestess is
putting everything
on the line in there, and
I won't let you interfere!
[laughter]
MORYO: You were too
hasty, young priestess.
You should have waited
until this one was dead
before you raised your barrier.
SHION (VOICEOVER): He killed
him to get inside the barrier!
MORYO: Once the barrier
has been raised,
there is no escape
for either of us--
not until one
consumes the other.
And that will be
decided by our chakra.
[music playing]
-Had enough yet? 'Cause
I can keep going.
Oh, brother!
That really hurt!
I'm not losing, even if
it takes all my chakra!
Lightning Blade!
[moryo laughing]
MORYO: Reunited at last
with my body of flesh.
You have my thanks, child.
That wretch no
longer had the power
to break the seal on the shrine.
-What have I done?
All these years--
what were they for?
-Shion!
Did you do it?
You sealed that bastard
away, didn't you?
-Naruto.
-Are you OK?
Oh, yeah.
You're probably tired, huh?
-I-- I didn't deserve to be
protected by you or, or anyone
else.
-Shion!
Shion!
[moryo laughing]
MORYO: There's no
need for tears.
As long as you
possess that light,
I cannot absorb you into me.
But are you sure this
is what you wish?
You may not like what you
see-- the end of this world,
for instance.
-Shion!
SHION (VOICEOVER):
I'm still alive.
Then that means Naruto is--
if things go on like this,
then Naruto will, will--
-Don't you see?
If my power and
your jutsu combine,
the entire world will
be under our control!
-Such folly.
Have you really no
faith in mankind?
-Faith in them?
That sorry lot?
You cannot be serious, Miroku!
-Mother.
[music playing]
-I love your lap, Mother.
It's so warm.
-Oh, Shion, what
a child you are.
-I could stay here forever.
GUARD: That's madness, my lady.
-I will not teach this
child any of the jutsu.
Do you mean to
challenge my order?
-But, my lady.
MIROKU (VOICEOVER): Here.
Hold onto this at all times.
-It's so pretty.
Is it a good luck charm?
-Yes.
And it will always
keep you safe.
No matter what should happen to
me, let your heart stay true.
The day will come when I'm
no longer at your side,
for all things in this
world are ephemeral.
-Mother!
MORYO: You still mean to
stand in my way, Miroku?
Fine.
I'll not ask for your power.
But you realize what that
will mean, do you not?
-Shion, where's your bell?
MORYO: What?
-I am the priestess.
Do not take my power lightly!
MORYO: I see.
You will risk your
life and past?
SHION (VOICEOVER):
It's our time.
-I have a plan.
And it'll work this time, too.
Come on.
Let's go.
-One's fate cannot be changed.
NARUTO: Yeah, you
keep telling me that.
[music playing]
-Naruto.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): Hmm?
-Careful.
You must live.
NARUTO: Too slow!
[music playing]
SHION (VOICEOVER):
Naruto, you must live!
-What did you-- what
did you just do?
[moryo laughing]
MORYO: I've seen that
power once before.
Is this what you want, though?
Giving up your amulet to a man?
Very well.
If that is your wish,
I shall grant it.
Now, bear witness
as our bodies become
one and all those who've
tried to protect you perish
as the very world
of humans rots away.
-I would've been fine
with this if only
I'd known from the beginning
that all of those people who
gave their lives for me
wouldn't have had to die.
Isn't that right, Mother?
MIROKU: Shion, how
I wish you could
have spent your days in peace.
-Such-- such a duty would be--
-You must be careful
with her power.
The slightest
misstep and it could
grow to become a menace
even greater than Moryo.
A heavy burden, one
too great for Shion.
So we shall seal that
power in the stone
and suppress what would
awaken should she die, even
at the cost of our
people's lives.
-Mother!
MIROKU: Shion, your mother
was unable to protect you
and didn't have faith in you.
Do you hate me?
-Of course I don't.
Mother, I love you so much.
[music playing]
MORYO: What?
This is--
SHION (VOICEOVER): I understand.
I know now how this
power must be used.
Release.
So many priestesses before me.
I can even hear
the voices of those
who died before their time.
How far it all stretches back.
MORYO: Now I see.
Your true power is held
in that bell of yours.
-So this is the end.
Naruto, can you hear me?
From this day on, it's up to all
of you to protect this world.
Finally, I know my destiny.
-It's not useless!
I'll protect you, I
swear on my ninja way.
I promise.
SHION (VOICEOVER): You're
a terrible liar, Naruto.
[moryo screaming]
You and I will
disappear together!
[bell ringing]
-Shion!
Snap out of it!
-Huh?
[music playing]
Open your eyes and breathe!
Can you see?
Can you hear?
What is your heart telling you?
Do you wanna die
like this or what?
You wanna just fade away?
-I--
NARUTO: I can't hear you!
Say it, Shion!
Say it in your own words!
Come on!
Let me hear it!
-I want to live!
-All right, then!
-Lightning blade!
NARUTO: Me and all my comrades--
-Shadow possession jutsu.
NARUTO: We don't bow
down for anybody!
-Summoning Blade Dance!
-If you don't like the
hand that fate's dealt you,
fight for a better one!
Keep it coming.
More!
Everything you're feeling?
Just let it out!
[music playing]
You want it?
Here!
Have a little taste of Shion's
and my Super Chakra Rasengan!
[music playing]
I promised you, didn't I?
I said that we would
change your destiny,
and that's just
what we're gonna do!
-I'm with you, Mother.
[music playing]
-Hmm?
What was that?
[music playing]
-Well, it could have played out
a lot worse than this, I guess.
-They ended up creating
a new volcano, huh?
-That knucklehead.
-That's what you get
for leaving it to him.
SHION: Naruto, you
can put me down.
-Well, guess this means your
priestess days are over, huh?
-No.
There will always
be a need for one.
I realized something in there.
It's the evil that
lives in men's hearts
that gave rise to Moryo.
So who's to say that he
won't return to this world
again and again?
And I realized I
must be especially
careful of a certain genin.
-Huh?
-But you don't have to worry.
I won't curse my fate anymore.
I'm a priestess.
And that's my mission.
Isn't that right, Naruto?
Then of course,
there's my power.
It has to be passed on to
the next priestess, too.
How 'bout it, Naruto?
You want to help me with that?
-You bet!
You know me.
I'm always up for anything!